Well first let's analyze our set.
So I'll start by printing out the whole map here excuse me the whole deck here.
So what do you think we'll see if Heidrun well.
See it's kind of an object but notice that it's not like a real object a javascript object where it
would see the key value Paris when logging into the console so you'll immediately see it's kind of a
different object here.
What I can do is to log the size of the stack.
Now what do you think we'll see here.
Of course we get to because we store two key value pairs here.
And if I just said and number one show I said is a Esky again.
And then I run the stack size console lock here again remember that I said that I would override the
existing keep all the pair.
So we should still see a size of schewe.
Let's see if that holds true.
Yes.
So the size is still too we're not adding and you could be a key value pair your were overwriting the
old one and therefore the overall size here doesn't change.
OK so that's the size and that's how we can override or set of values.
But it would be nice to extract them too.
Right.
So how can we do that.
It's really simple.
I used to get my thought and then I passed the cue for which I want to retrieve the value.
So I asked for example and if I now which run well of course we get the ace of spades object a created
here.
So that's how you work with maps.
You set the values with the set method and you get vollies with the get method and unsurprisingly you
also got another method.
The deck delete method.
And if I pass A's here what do you think we'll now see in the console.
What we see undefined because I'm removing the key value pair and that's of course important with delete
key name.
I'm removing the whole pair of course not just a key or something like that because the two belong together
key and value.
So with the bleed I can clear certain items or if I want to cleared the whole map I can use the clear
method.
While that would get rid of all the key value pairs in the deck.
And therefore if I run now I still see and you find because I deleted all the key value pairs